hello hey my friend I got that kid I was
talking to you about him I'm gonna put
him on the phone let you talk to him
okay oh yes
hi are you Frank this is Jimmy Hoffa
glad to meet you
glad to meet you too even if it's over
the phone our friend speaks very highly
of you thank you
only three people in the world and one
of these
and only one of them is Irish
[Music]
I heard you paint houses yes I do so
where are you going go to work well you
know it is a situation going on now
Frank big business and the government
they're trying to pull us down you might
be demonstrating the failure to show
appreciation I know things they don't
know why
you can't miss the big picture sooner
later
everybody put here as a date and he's
gonna go
you want to be a part of this fight
would you like to be a part of this
history
yes I would
whatever you need me to do I'm available
he likes a tough dog
[Music]